a beautiful morning out here on the deck
we've got some herbs here in pots and in
particular I've got this parsley and
parsley is a of course widely used herb
it's quite a popular of use this guys
are real easy to grow plant if you live
in a climate that's 50 to 70 degrees
you've got some potting soil a pot and a
parsley seedling or some seeds I think
you'll find you have a considerable
amount of success growing this plant and
having the fresh herb on hand to use for
your cooking so I think this guy as you
can see starting to go to seed so most
herbs are cyclical they'll grow they'll
peter out you cut them down and then
they'll usually come back for the next
season but this guy was real easy we
bought him as a seedling a while ago and
just planted him in this pot yeah and
let him go and at this point I think
this is maybe you know this maybe about
four months of growth one of the reasons
what I really like putting parsley and
most of my herbs in pots
there's some marjoram there some mint
time I like to put them in pots for
several reasons one is the mobility so
if this guy is getting too much Sun
let's say parsley is full Sun and
sometimes partial shade depending in
your area you have the mobility to just
kind of grab it and move it around find
a place that's more conducive to the
growth of the plant the other thing that
I really like about putting these in
pots is that you're gonna get plenty of
growth for what you're gonna need for
your garden I don't think you're gonna
have a size limiting factor with the pot
and you can move this pot indoors if it
gets cold out or if you want to bring it
a little closer to your cooking as long
as it gets some sunlight it'll do fine
indoors as well so you've got the
mobility I've got this planet right next
to the door to our kitchen so while I'm
cooking
I need some parsley I can just come out
here and grab a couple of twigs and snap
them off and continue on with my cooking
and I think just in general having fresh
herbs is a really efficient way to to
utilize herbs for your cooking because
you only use what you need so let's say
for example if I wanted to come out here
and I needed you know a few herbs I just
come out here and snap off a couple of
sprigs now if I had to buy this I'd have
to go to the store I'd have to buy a
whole bunch I'd used my five six seven
sprigs for my recipe then that parsley
is gonna sit in the fridge for another
two weeks it'll get wilty old and then I
end up throwing it out so having fresh
herbs on hand is a really nice way to
not have to be throwing out stuff you
have always have it on hand they're easy
to care for and and just really nice to
have the fresh stuff close by when
you're when you're doing your cooking
and really enhances the flavor of your
meals so that's a little bit about this
parsley plant and our herbs I'm growing
them in pots even so go out there and
plant something